#summary Welly How To's
#labels Featured

See _Welly Help_ inside the software for details.

= Networking =

 * How to connect to a BBS server via TELNET?
 Type {{{[id@]your.site.org[:port]}}} in the address field; port is optional (default 23).

 * How to connect to a BBS server via SSH?
 Type {{{ssh://id@your.site.org[:port]}}} in the address field; port is optional (default 22).

 * How to configure SOCKS and HTTP(S) proxies?
 Proxies for SSH connections can be configured in the address book. For advanced usages, please refer to [http://www.meadowy.org/~gotoh/projects/connect connect.c] or [http://proxytunnel.sourceforge.net/ proxytunnel].

 * How to enable auto-login?
 In the address book, click the button to the right of the address field, and follow the instructions.

= Browsing =

 * How to open a new empty [Features#Tabbed_Browsing tab]?
 Double-click the tab bar or press Command-T (⌘T).

 * How to always open a link in default browser?
 Shift-click.

 * How to save an image in [Features#Image_Preview preview]?
 Drag and drop it to desktop or any directory.

 * How to use the super writer?
 Shift-Command-P (⇧⌘P) to invoke the writer; Command-Return (⌘↩) to commit the post.

 * How to make a rectangular selection?
 Holding option key (⌥) while dragging your mouse.

 * How to invoke URL mode, and how to leave?
 Option-Tab (⌥⇥) to invoke; Esc (⎋) to leave. See Welly's help for details.

= User Interface =

 * How to enter and exit [Features#Full_Screen full screen] mode?
 Press Shift-Command-F (⇧⌘F). You may also create a [http://guides.macrumors.com/Taking_Screenshots_in_Mac_OS_X screenshot] _only_ for the BBS terminal area by entering full screen mode first.

 * How to hack the [Features#Cover_Flow_Portal Cover Flow portal]?
 The feature is turned off by default. To activate it,
  # enable Cover Flow from the Preferences;
  # drag and drop your favorite site cover images into the cover flow.

= Misc =

 * How to run Welly on Tiger?
 Sorry, Welly requires Leopard or later version of Mac OS X. You may try [http://welly.googlecode.com/files/Dort-SSH.zip Dort] (SSH support added by Aerodonkey) on Tiger.